1.Some of the tests cases that can be tested in the borrow calulation page.

1.Verify whether the "Monthly living expenses" field is mandatory
2.Check if the two fields(2nd applicants annual income and 2nd applicants other income) appear on selecting the "Joint" Application type.
3.Verify the borrow amount for "Residential Investment" Property.
4.Check if the button "Work out how much I could borrow" is not displayed when the error message is displayed.
5.To verify if the fields accept only numeric data.
6.Check if hovering on the "i" of all the fields displays the appropriate information.
7.Check if the 'Workout how much I could borrow' is dislayed when there is no error message/the amount displayed.
8.To check if the links or buttons in the page are taking to the appropriate pages/displaying correct information.


2. If the test was part of a much larger test set, how would you speed it up?
--> 
    We should design a framework in such a way that the methods are reusable.
    We can use use PageObjectModel.
   Choose the locators wisely.Direct locators like ID,Name,ClassName are faster than xpaths. So we should try using         these locators if they are not dynamic.
   Using Conditional waits for page loads.


3. Sometimes UI tests can fail unpredictably. For example, the page may not have fully loadeed before test automation attempts to click a button on a webpage.How would you improve reliabilty of these tests?

--> This is called Synchronization ie., it is used to make the application under test and the test automation tool work in parralel. In Selenium, we can handle synchronization using Waits.

Implicit Wait - It will wait for the specified amount of time when trying to find Element/Elements before throwing NoSuchElementExcpetion.
Explicit Wait (WebDriverWait)- This is used based on some conditions with specified time limit.
Fluent Wait - This wait checks if the web element is found at regular time intervals within the specified time limit.
Static wait(Thread.sleep) - This will make the webdriver to wait for the specified time irrespective of the element found or not.(Generally not recommended).



 



